RDoc-3904 Embeddings generation: prepend text to generated chunks (#2489)
ravendb/docs: docs/ai-integration/generating-embeddings/content/_embeddings-generation-task-csharp.mdx

// HTML processing:
html.strip(htmlText | [htmlText], maxTokensPerChunk);

// Add context before embedding:
<chunking-method>(...).withContextPrefix(contextPrefix);

> <string | [string]>.withContextPrefix(contextPrefix);

Reviewer: Can we apply this as well?

> <string | [string]>.withContextPrefix(contextPrefix);

Author: Those lines are inside a "fenced" code block,
so mdx treats the `< >` as code text rather than HTML/JSX tags.

Running locally, it looks good - the page renders correctly

| **htmlText**                             | `string`  | A string containing HTML content to process.                      |
| **maxTokensPerChunk / maxTokensPerLine** | `number`  | The maximum number of tokens allowed per chunk.<br/>Default is `512`. |
| **overlapTokens**                        | `number` (optional) | The number of tokens to overlap between consecutive chunks. Helps preserve context continuity across chunks (e.g., between paragraphs).<br/>Default is `0`. |

> | **contextPrefix**                        | `string`  | Optional text prepended to chunks before they are sent to the embedding model.<br/>Cannot be empty or whitespace-only. |

Reviewer: The method is optional, not parameter

> | **contextPrefix**                        | `string`  | Optional text prepended to chunks before they are sent to the embedding model.<br/>Cannot be empty or whitespace-only. |

Author: done

#### When to use a context prefix

Use a context prefix when important document-level information may be absent from individual chunks.  
Common examples are a title, category, company name, product name, or other identifier that appears once in the document but is needed to interpret later chunks.

A context prefix is especially useful for specific queries that include, or depend on, that identifying context.
For example, if users search for information about a particular company, adding the company name to each chunk can make matching more precise and help the relevant document rank higher.

There is a trade-off.
Because the prefix becomes part of the embedding input, it can make search results more focused, but it can also push borderline-relevant chunks lower.
For broad category-level queries where users expect an exhaustive set of relevant results, this may reduce recall.

Keep the prefix short and focused on the missing context.
Do not use it to summarize the whole document.  
For chunked input, the prefix consumes part of the token budget and may increase the number of generated chunks.

If you are unsure whether to use a prefix, test it on a small sample of your own data.

> Create two otherwise identical embeddings generation tasks, one with a context prefix and one without, then compare precision, recall, and F1 for the queries your users actually issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create two otherwise identical embeddings generation tasks, one with a context prefix and one without, then compare precision, recall, or other relevant metrics for the queries your users actually issue. 
```

Author: done

    // 'OverlapTokens' is only applicable when ChunkingMethod is 
    // 'PlainTextSplitParagraphs' or 'MarkDownSplitParagraphs'
    public int OverlapTokens { get; set; } = 0;

    // Optional text prepended to each produced chunk before it is sent
    // to the embedding model. Its tokens count against 'MaxTokensPerChunk'.

>     public string ContextPrefix { get; set; }

Reviewer: It's not optional, we can ignore this
